Added click option --algorithm to __main__ (#137)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/news/algorithm.rst

**Added:**

> * Added flag `--skewed` in the CLI to the options `digitze` and `digitive_cv` to enable digitization of skewed plots (non orthogonal axis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added flag `--skewed` in the CLI to the commands `digitze` and `cv` to enable digitization of skewed plots (non-orthogonal axes).
```
